README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

My name is James Gan,

- 📖   Penultimate year | Major in Business Analytics | Minor in Artificial Intelligence | Singapore University of Technology and Design(SUTD)
- 🔭   Working at Singtel Group
- 📫   Email: james_gan@mymail.sutd.edu.sg
- ⚡   Portfolio Page: https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/
- 🔗   LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesgsw/


Notable Repository:
1. Path Finding Visualisation using A* Algorithm with Python<br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/path-finding-astar-algorithm/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/Path-Finding-Algorithm-with-Visulisation) <br/>
Personal project to apply my knowledge in A* Path Finding algorithm,write with Object Oriented Programming(OOP) technique, and documenting with software architecture design.
 
2. Exploring Data Analytics Job Market In Singapore 2020 <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/job-market/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/Exploring-Data-and-Analytics-Job-Market-Outlook-in-Singapore-2020) <br/>
Personal project  to understand the various key metrics in  Data Analytics Job Market in 2020 such as Skills, Education and Software Proficiency to better prepare myself for graduation.

3. Statistical Approach to Titanic Accident <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/titanic-accident/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/A-Statistical-Approach-to-the-Titanic-Accident) <br/>
Personal project to understand to apply my knowledge in statistics and statistical analysis using programming after taking Statistics Module in University.

4. Identification of Manufacturing Process Bottlenecks <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/tsh-manufacturing-bottleneck/) <br/>
University industry attachment with TSH Synergy PTE LTD in conjunction with university modules: Data and Business Analytics. By creating a Business Intelligence Dashboard and Data Analysis to expedite the identification of possible bottlenecks.

<!--
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 🌐   About me: 
-->

Commit message:

Added shopee code league description

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

My name is James Gan,

- 📖   Penultimate year | Major in Business Analytics | Minor in Artificial Intelligence | Singapore University of Technology and Design(SUTD)
- 🔭   Working at Singtel Group
- 📫   Email: james_gan@mymail.sutd.edu.sg
- ⚡   Portfolio Page: https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/
- 🔗   LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesgsw/


Notable Repository:
1. Shopee Code League Hackathon
[Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/Shopee-Code-League-2020) <br/>
Hackathon consisting of challenges in Logistics, Sentiment and Marketing Analytics. Applying knowledge across algorithms, NLP and Data Analytics.

2. Path Finding Visualisation using A* Algorithm with Python<br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/path-finding-astar-algorithm/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/Path-Finding-Algorithm-with-Visulisation) <br/>
Personal project to apply my knowledge in A* Path Finding algorithm with Object Oriented Programming(OOP) technique, with software architecture design documentation.
 
3. Exploring Data Analytics Job Market In Singapore 2020 <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/job-market/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/Exploring-Data-and-Analytics-Job-Market-Outlook-in-Singapore-2020) <br/>
Personal project exploring key metrics in  Data Analytics Job Market in 2020 such as Skills, Education and Software Proficiency to better position myself for graduation.

4. Statistical Approach to Titanic Accident <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/titanic-accident/) | [Github Repository](https://github.com/jamesgsw/A-Statistical-Approach-to-the-Titanic-Accident) <br/>
Personal project applying my knowledge in statistics and statistical analysis using programming after taking Statistics Module in University.

5. Identification of Manufacturing Process Bottlenecks <br/>
[Project Report](https://jamesgsw.github.io/James-Portfolio/projects/tsh-manufacturing-bottleneck/) <br/>
University industry attachment with TSH Synergy PTE LTD. Created a Business Intelligence Dashboard and Data Analysis to expedite the identification of possible bottlenecks.

<!--
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 🌐   About me: 
-->
